gh-120608: Make reversed iterator work with free-threading (#120971)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-06-24-20-08-55.gh-issue-120608.d75n8U.rst

Adapt :func:`reversed` for usage in the free-theading build.

> The :func:`reversed` is not guaranteed to be thread-safe.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Adapt :func:`reversed` for use in the free-theading build.
The :func:`reversed` is still not thread-safe in the sense that concurrent
iterations may see the same object, but they will not corrupt the interpreter
state.
```
